README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Sylius Baselinker Plugin</h1>


<p align="center">This plugin is work in progress, do not use this plugin to other purpose then testing, especially do not use this plugin in production environment.</p>

How to test plugin
===================
The fastest method to run dev environment is to use docker:

    docker compose up -d
    docker compose exec app make init

Change `BL_TOKEN` in `tests/Application/.env`.
Now you can set plugin in admin panel on your localhost: `http://localhost/admin`, login is `sylius`, password is the same as login. You can run sync command:

    docker compose exec app make symfony baselinker:order:sync

or tests:

    docker compose exec app make test


Installation
=============
The plugin can be installed in an existing or new sylius-standard application.

1. Run:

    ```bash
    composer require kmatulewicz/sylius-baselinker
    ```

2. Check presence of plugin entry in `config/bundles.php`:

    ```
    SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\SyliusBaselinkerPlugin::class => ['all' => true],
    ```

3. Add to `config/packages/_sylius.yaml`: 
    
    ```yaml
    - { resource: "@SyliusBaselinkerPlugin/Resources/config/config.yml" }
    ```

4. Add to `config/routes.yaml`:

    ```yaml
    sylius_baselinker:
        resource: "@SyliusBaselinkerPlugin/Resources/config/routing.yml"
    ```

5. Add `SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\Entity\OrderInterface` and `SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\Entity\OrderTrait` to `src/Entity/Order/Order.php`. Final result should be similar to:

    ```php
    // src/Entity/Order/Order.php
    // [...]
    use SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\Entity\OrderInterface;
    use SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\Entity\OrderTrait;
    // [...]
    class Order extends BaseOrder implements OrderInterface
    {
        use OrderTrait;
    }
    ```

6. Add `BL_TOKEN` to your .env file. Token can be found in Baselinker > My Account > API. If you do not have a token already, create a new one. Final result should be similar to:

    ```
    BL_TOKEN=token_copied_from_baselinker
    ```

7. Execute migrations:

    ```bash
    bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate
    ```

8. Rebuild the cache to display all new translations correctly:

    ```bash
    bin/console cache:clear
    bin/console cache:warmup
   ```

9. Go to admin panel and set order source and statuses associations on Baselinker section.

Usage
======

This plugin provides a command `baselinker:order:sync`. The command will:
1. Create orders in baselinker from shop orders that were not synchronized yet.
2. Add payments to the corresponding baselinker orders if there were new payments in synchronized shop orders.
3. Change statuses of shop orders if status of corresponding baselinker order was changed since last synchronization.

Commit message:

Separate command for each action

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Sylius Baselinker Plugin</h1>


<p align="center">This plugin is work in progress, do not use this plugin to other purpose then testing, especially do not use this plugin in production environment.</p>

How to test plugin
===================
The fastest method to run dev environment is to use docker:

    docker compose up -d
    docker compose exec app make init

Change `BL_TOKEN` in `tests/Application/.env`.
Now you can set plugin in admin panel on your localhost: `http://localhost/admin`, login is `sylius`, password is the same as login. You can run sync command:

    docker compose exec app make symfony baselinker:order:sync

or tests:

    docker compose exec app make test


Installation
=============
The plugin can be installed in an existing or new sylius-standard application.

1. Run:

    ```bash
    composer require kmatulewicz/sylius-baselinker
    ```

2. Check presence of plugin entry in `config/bundles.php`:

    ```
    SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\SyliusBaselinkerPlugin::class => ['all' => true],
    ```

3. Add to `config/packages/_sylius.yaml`: 
    
    ```yaml
    - { resource: "@SyliusBaselinkerPlugin/Resources/config/config.yml" }
    ```

4. Add to `config/routes.yaml`:

    ```yaml
    sylius_baselinker:
        resource: "@SyliusBaselinkerPlugin/Resources/config/routing.yml"
    ```

5. Add `SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\Entity\OrderInterface` and `SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\Entity\OrderTrait` to `src/Entity/Order/Order.php`. Final result should be similar to:

    ```php
    // src/Entity/Order/Order.php
    // [...]
    use SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\Entity\OrderInterface;
    use SyliusBaselinkerPlugin\Entity\OrderTrait;
    // [...]
    class Order extends BaseOrder implements OrderInterface
    {
        use OrderTrait;
    }
    ```

6. Add `BL_TOKEN` to your .env file. Token can be found in Baselinker > My Account > API. If you do not have a token already, create a new one. Final result should be similar to:

    ```
    BL_TOKEN=token_copied_from_baselinker
    ```

7. Execute migrations:

    ```bash
    bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate
    ```

8. Rebuild the cache to display all new translations correctly:

    ```bash
    bin/console cache:clear
    bin/console cache:warmup
   ```

9. Go to admin panel and set order source and statuses associations on Baselinker section.

Usage
======

This plugin provides commands:
1. `baselinker:orders:add` Adds not synchronized shop orders to Baselinker.
2. `baselinker:orders:payments` Adds to Baselinker payments done in shop after last synchronization.
3. `baselinker:orders:statuses` Checks for status changes of synchronized orders. Applies shop order status change to corresponding Baselinker status.
